Assumptions for iteration 1:
 1. The first and last names of users will consist of just ASCII characters (e.g. no diacritics, emojis, etc.). This assumption is needed because to generate handles all non-alphanumeric characters must be removed, which is non-trivial in general to do on strings of Unicode characters.
 2. Emails addresses should be treated case-insensitively when determining if an email matches and whether an email has already been used (by `authLoginV1` and `authRegisterV1` respectively). The spec doesn't mention how to compare emails, although generally speaking two emails with different cases should not be considered unique.
 3. If the `start` parameter of `channelMessagesV1` is negative, it should return an error (behaviour is unspecified in spec).
 4. When determining the length of strings (for channel names, passwords), the implementation should count the number of UTF-16 code units. This means that "café" would have a length of 5, rather than of 4, since the combining diacritic is encoded as a seperate codeunit. Exactly how to count characters is not specified in the spec, and it is common (but not always the case) for strings to be counted by codeunits (or codepoints) instead of say glyphs. This is the behaviour of the String.length method.
 5. The user who created a channel becomes a owner member of that channel. The spec states only that "The user who created it automatically joins the channel", and we assume that they join as an owner rather than joining as a normal member.
 6. Users who join through `channelInviteV1` and `channelJoinV1` become normal members, rather than owner members (although the global owner is treated as having the permissions of an owner member). The spec only states they the user is 'added', and here we assume that that means they are added as a normal member rather than as an owner (even if the inviting user is an owner).
